else. So we're making
sure with permission checks
via hooks. You saw
that throughout, write aloud
when our spec was
trying to get written
right here, right? And
we can of course
open up the spec.
It should just be
in the specs directory
right here. There we
go. And you can
see exactly what this
is, right? So it
just wrote up this
nice spec here. This
is a plan. So
it doesn't really follow
any traditional prompt engineering,
agentic prompt engineering structure,
but this is just
a plan to get
work done, right? It's
a plan to operate
and ship. You can
see here, probably a
little bit overkill, 175
lines, but still good
to have, right? We
have a full plan.